[SOUND EFFECTS]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My whole life since birth was
a spiritual experience and very
difficult, because it wasn't
accepted by other people.
And making friends
was hard as a child.
And the nightmares, and the
visions, and feeling things,
and not knowing who to talk
to, what to talk about,
what was right,
what was wrong, it's
really hard because
here you are this kid
and you're trying to gauge
what an adult's going
to react to these things
that are happening to you
but you can't tell them
what's happening to you.
And you're the kid leading
the adult in the conversation.
And then when they shut
you down, you're like,
oh, I'm not going to
get any answers here.
So then you just accept what
they say and be respectful.
So--
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I mean you get used
to it after a while,
and it shows up in different
forms, different ways,
different feelings.
It's just a continuous journey.
It never shuts off.
And you don't ask for it.
It just, here it is.
And right now, in my evolution
of my spirituality and growth,
going from the scared
kid up until today,
I'm really learning how to work
with it and explore it more.
And I'm coming up with my
own concepts and my own ideas
on what things feel like.
It's all about how things make
you feel, what you're seeing,
getting past the fear point.
You really have to put a
block on the fear point,
and go, OK, what's
really happening here?
The fear is coming from me, but
there's a situation happening,
what's happening in the
situation, and deploy your fear
and your self back, and
then to look at things,
and then that's when
the information really
starts pouring in.
Get hypnotized.
You have this experience.
There's no coming back out.
There's no undoing it.
I do feel like they
have been building me up
for this moment, my
whole existence, so far.
>> From this other perspective,
this other dimensions,
you mentioned angels.
I've always thought
that they're, angels,
are sort of the glue
that connects some
of these dimensions, these glue,
meaning the in-between space,
Perhaps, it's one
way to term it.
Are you part of that
in-between space?
>> No.
You're from another
dimension in itself?
>> Entire.
>> And the term human resonance,
the planetary vibrational--
>> Around Earth.
>> Around Earth, yes.
The--
>> Yes, it has a heartbeat.
>> And that's shifting now?
>> Yes.
These cylinders, are they
helping with the shift?
>> The cylinders were shown to
represent that each soul has
its own creation point.
It was referenced.
>> Are the pyramids
on the planet--
>> Connected to all energy
sources in all dimensions,
this being incarnated many times
to connect with many of these
energy points.
>> Are they still
functioning now?
>> Yes.
>> What can we do to
increase their capabilities?
>> The humans must
wake up and remember.
This human is just now
waking up and remembering.
>> And we can help each
other with this process?
>> Yes.
>> Be more open.
Listen, explore, open.
>> So as we were just
speaking about the pyramids,
we're also curious about
the crystal skulls.
As you know, we've got
the Mitchell-Hedges skull
and his caretaker
here with us today.
Can you share with
us any information
that you understand about
this crystal skulls?
>> What would you like to know?
>> Do they have a similar
function as the pyramids?
Or does it work differently?
>> Yes and no.
>> What are the similarities?
>> The pyramids do not move.
The skull is an implementation
of the pyramid energies
in the different places in a
condensed form in a material
that contains information
that can travel and affect
humans in many places,
like a traveling pyramid.
>> Especially if it's got
a named Bill behind it.
>> Yes.
>> Yes, pure heart.
>> The-- so it's a similar--
it does a similar technology.
It's an inactivation.
>>And more.
>> And more how?
>> It will be unlocked
more and more.
You are only in the
beginning of exploration.
>> When it's unlocked, then what
will we know that we don't know
now?
>> It's a trick question.
>> I know.
We want Beverly just
to be comfortable here.
>> More like--
>> Just keep--
>> --other ancient to float
like the ancients that were
advanced.
The humans have forgot, and
the info has been destroyed.
>> And we just want Beverly
to be in a comfortable state,
keeping the energy at a
comfortable level for her body.
>> Trying.
>> Doing a great job, just want
her to be comfortable while all
this amazing information
is coming through.
We're appreciative.
So the skull that
is with us today,
what information does it hold?
>> The key.
>> Tell us more.
>> It needs to meet with
the others to unlock
their energetic vibrational
qualities that they are tied
to to enhance the vibrational
qualities of the humans.
>> It sounds like
we've got a mission.
>> It's not impossible.
>> Not impossible.
>> No.
>> Can we activate the
pyramids with the skulls?
>> Yes,
>> OK, does each school have
a specific pyramid it needs
to resonate with, or do they all
work together in the same way?
>> When they meet,
they exchange.
>> So we can mix and match.
>> Yes and no.
>> The skull before us that
was found in the pyramid
in what's now known as Belize,
what's the significance of that
structure and that
technology, that archetype?
>> Growing, lush greenery for
humans to sustain their life
in a vibrational form that
their bodies does not yet know.
>> Can you explain that
a little more, please?
>> The energy goes into the
human and then the human can
use the energy in the growth.
That skull must be present.
It comes out trying to explain,
like code, code in the plants.
>> Code in the plants.
The DNA?
The DNA of the plants?
>> Light codes.
>> Light codes, up from Earth,
will be ignited with the skull.
The skull pulls the new
light codes up, pull up.
>> Can we use the
Mitchell-Hedges skull to help
us find the other skulls?
>> Yes.
>> They're connected?
They want to attract each other.
>> And so how do how
does one do that,
attract the skulls that
haven't been found yet?
They must be in
vibrational high frequency
to listen to the guidance.
>> And so how does somebody
like Bill who's the caretaker
of the Mitchell-Hedges skull--
what's his part with that?
>> He is woring on it in his
inner work that he is doing.
It is trying to show
him, like a map.
>> So can you describe
what that map is like?
>> He only knows.
That is his path.
>> The
>> Bill has a question.
>> Yeah.
Bill has a question.
Is it OK if Bill ask a question?
>> Yes.
>> Working with the
Mitchell-Hedges skull,
I connect with the
skulls wherever
they're at because that's the
way it was used way in the past
and I can feel the energy
coming together when I send that
energy out.
I can bring it back.
>> Yes.
>> And with this, it
brings, it can help raise
the consciousness of the planet.
>> Humanity.
You pull from the others in.
You feel it, strong
vibrational, energetic lines
coming towards the soul and your
inner work that you have begun.
It has come through
you and out of you.
>> So is Bill sort of like
a portal in that regard?
>> Yes and no, can do it.
>> Can do it, OK.
His body and soul was made
in the vibrational likeness
to accept those energy
frequencies to emit out of him.
>> I was wondering about the 26.
And that's something to
me, it seems like it's
13 and 13 are the two.
And the 13 number
comes up a lot.
>> Male and female, yes.
>> I was wondering how that
works, the 13 and the 13?
>> Male and female.
13 molecules were implenmented
into creation and in souls.
>> Does that mean
there's 26 skulls?
>> No.
>> Just 13 that can--
>> The balance of masculine
and feminine are needed
for the energetic balance.
>> I see.
So each skull contains both
masculine and feminine.
>> Yes.
>> Right,
>> It is all energy.
Those are human words.
>> Energy vibration frequency.
In the past sessions,
there was talk
about an overlay, another
world that we're coming
into harmony with or coherence.
How is that going now?
How is this coherent
connection happening?
>> We are waiting for humans
to decide their timeline
for the overlay.
>> Last time, you said that you
were making some advancements
with the overlay coming close
and that we were experiencing
that as glitches.
>> Yes.
>> Is that still happening?
>> And since we--
>> It needs to be
ready when it is ready.
>> So are we closer
to being ready?
>> We are hitting
one way or the other.
The humans must decide
if they want to repeat.
>> So the fork in the
road is not yet decided?
>> No.
>> Can it be decided for some
of us and not for others?
>> That happens when the
soul leaves the cylinder.
>> Why would the soul
leave the cylinder?
>> Then the ascension process
for the ones that leave them
before overlay.
>> Is that why we have so
many people leaving now?
>> No, contracts are up.
Some do not want this
experience heavy burden.
>> Just help Beverly with
the energies here so that
she's in a calm and
comfortable position, please.
So the overlay, if I
understood, it was going to be--
once it was placed,
it was more like what
we're calling the new Earth,
the higher vibrational Earth.
>> Yes.
The overlay will happen
when it implements.
There will be two
existences of humans
at the same time for a
period of Earth time,
and eventually, the
overlay will separate,
taking the likeness
vibrational souls with it,
creating separation, but keeping
close enough for a balance
in the dimension that
the humans choose.
>> How do emotions
create energy?
>> The vibration.
>> How can emotions
disrupt energy?
Same, vibration?
>> Like attracts like.
>> So what tools can we give
other humans listening to this
to create a positive experience?
>> Go more and ask
more questions.
Wonder about the emotional state
they are living and emotions
that are not coming from them.
>> You mean to question the
emotions that aren't coming
from them, in a sense?
>> Yes, to change the
vibrational qualities around
them in their cylinder.
One emotion will stay in there.
>> So in a sense, becoming
aware of others' emotions,
their own emotions, and
making the choice to emote.
>> In a likeness.
>> Do you feel emotion?
>> In this body,
not in my existence.
>> So what is it like for you
to feel Beverly's emotion?
>> Difficult. This
body is super--
feels everything.
>> Very sensitive?
>> Yes.
We needed it to be
this way to implement
her molecular likeness that was
implemented at creation point.
>> You had mentioned that
you had begun a new existence
for the organic souls.
Could you please give
me a definition of what
you mean by organic souls?
>> Connecting with
their true in-ness.
>> And this goes in cooperation
with using less technology,
so we can develop those
parts of ourselves?
Is that right?
>> These souls have more
technology than technology
in them if they
choose to wake it up.
>> And what would be the best
way for them to wake that up?
>> Remember, less
distractions ease flow.
>> And so the organic souls
are different from the regular
souls?
Is that right?
>> Yes, there are different
vibrational-colored souls.
>> So those that aren't of the
organic nature, they, though,
can also awaken
themselves to their gifts
and their knowledge?
>> If they choose.
>> So it's also a free will
issue as well as something
that's planned within
their molecular structure?
>> Their vibrational
qualities can be chosen.
The humans have a hard
time choosing differently
because they are not aware.
>> Well, what we're doing here
and shows like what we're doing
is helping bring that
awareness through.
>> Yes.
>> So when this idea of doing
a session with you through
Beverly in this capacity that
we are today became a reality,
what were your
thoughts about it?
>> It is time in your planet.
>> So you had shared with us in
the first session that we are
in a reality simulation.
>> Yes.
>> Can you again give us your
understanding of that, please?
>> None is real.
>> Like a hologram?
>> In a sense.
>> So then--
>> We have shown her.
>> You have shown her this?
>> Yes.
>> Does she understand it?
>> OK.
So my question then, are you
living in a reality simulation?
>> In a sense of my existence,
there has to be some form
to contain.
>> And so who created you?
>> Creator.
>> Who created creator?
>> Good question.
>> Yeah, I like it.
And we are all a
piece of this creator?
>> Yes.
>> Helping to create?
>> Collectively
and individually?
>> Yes.
>> Is the designer, this
label we're giving you--
is the designer a
collective or an individual?
>> Individual.
There are others.
>> Other designers?
>> Yes.
>> Do they have names?
>> Not in this form.
>> So when you chose to
call yourself the designer,
how did you come up
with that human word?
>> The humans.
>> The humans came
up with the word.
>> Yes.
>> Are you aware--
>> Closest to your
understanding.
>> OK, same as the engineers.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Are you aware of something
we call the Akashic Records
or a database of
all experiences?
>> Yes.
It is existing around you now.
>> Oh.
Can you explain that more?
>> It is always here.
>> And it's a library of sorts?
>> Your words.
Collects all information
in all dimensions
and exists in all dimensions
except at creator point.
>> Why would it not
exist at creator point?
>> Create.
>> And so--
>> Oh, I see, because
creator's constantly creating,
and it is a record of what
has already been created.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
So it can't contain
that frequency.
>> Something that is not yet.
>> Right.
When we have ideas
and inspiration,
as discussed earlier--
>> Engineer implementation.
>> Those are
already-created ideas.
>> Yes.
>> Already existing in
another dimensional realm.
>> Yes.
>> And we're simply bringing
those through into this
reality.
>> Energetic likeness vibration
attachment into the cylinder
that soul is vibrating with it.
>> Waveguides for
that vibration.
>> In a sense, draw in.
>> Mm-hmm, and all of this
collective energy is affecting
the current heartbeat, Schumann
resonance of the planet?
>> Yes.
>> And inside the Earth's
bubble, reflecting itself,
we're bouncing off
these vibrations,
and that's what gives us the
harmonics for the Schumann
resonance?
>> Yes, two separate collective
has one vibration affecting it,
and then the Earth has its
vibration and together affects
the entire
outside-of-Earth vibration.
>> How about space, waves
from our central sun,
the central galaxy?
There's terms called
the photon belt
and other things that
are hitting the Earth.
Are those affecting us as well?
>> All affects all.
All is connected like one dot
to another dot to another dot.
>> Nodal points.
You mentioned in the
past about the flash.
>> Yes.
>> Has that happened yet?
>> No.
>> When it happens, will
we all know it or just--
>> Yes.
>> Everyone on the planet.
>> What is delaying it, or why
hasn't it not happened yet?
>> Humans are deciding, shift
up in your sense or to repeat.
>> But you're saying that
some may decide to repeat,
and some may decide to shift up?
>> Yes, that is what
the overlay is for.
>> OK, and you said that
would happen for a while.
Were there two--
>> Existence is in the
same but different.
>> Are we close to that point?
>> Not yet.
There is much going to happen.
Be prepared.
>> And so please share
with us about that.
>> There will be much emotions
affecting humans for a time,
like a resurface of all the old
energies coming up to make sure
that we are done with
these karmic overlays.
>> And how will that be
experienced by humans?
>> Fear.
They will fear that
it is happening again.
If the collective falls too much
into any one of these fears,
it will take place.
>> But on the other end,
if those that are awake
and awakening can focus not
on fear but on love and higher
vibrational thought,
what does that do?
>> Then the others that
are going into fear--
it just holds a balance.
>> So maybe they won't go as
deep into the fear because some
of us are--
>> Beholding light.
>> Right.
>> So how is the Earth doing
with holding its light right
now and the
inhabitants of Earth?
>> The Earth is going to
wake up with much changes.
It has its karmic
energies to expel, also.
>> And how will
those be expressed?
>> In human form, continental
things, weather patterns,
volcanic storms, things of that
nature, all earthly resonance.
>> I imagine we have
time to prepare.
>> Yes.
The ones waking up will feel.
>> Bill has a question.
>> What job can I do with the
skull to help bring them this
love and light into the
world and bring this higher
consciousness?
How can we do this?
>> Though the connect with
more of those energy minds.
Pull as much to it.
Take that big energy in you.
Push out in all
directions in your inner--
trying to find word--
spiritual deepness, inner work.
>> I'm on this path
to do this now.
Is my path straight and
right, or is there more
that I must do?
>> More.
>> Can you tell me what would be
the best for me to do to really
do more work and better work?
>> You will travel.
There will be more Indigenous
cultures to awaken.
>> And these projects that we're
working on-- we can help with
this?
>> Yes.
>> Sounds like an adventure.
Yes, it does.
>> Well, you probably
have always been aware,
but when you became aware
that we were going to do this
session today, what was
your hope that came through
the information today?
What was most important for you?
>> Light.
>> And how does Beverly,
in her physical body,
acclimate to that light and all
of this energy in her highest
and best way?
>> She is trying.
It is big at moments.
>> Yes.
We want her physical
body, though,
to be able to accept this
energy in a way that's
not uncomfortable for her.
>> Two different
vibrational qualities.
>> So how can she,
after the session,
help herself to adjust?
>> Rest.
>> Rest, OK.
She said that she recently
heard your voice coming through,
giving her information.
Can you tell her more about
why that is happening?
>> Acceptance.
>> Will you be sharing a lot
more information with her this
way?
>> Yes.
>> OK, and what do you want her
to know about the information
you're giving her?
>> It is meant to ease humans.
They are in unrest.
>> So she's to share the
information that you're giving
her.
Is that correct?
>> Yes.
>> Can I ask-- on a
personal note for Beverly,
she's been having some
real difficult headaches,
challenges with
the body that way.
Can you take a look at
the brain, at the head,
and tell us what
you're seeing there?
>> There will be much in this
body because of the molecule
that is contained is
not of this dimension.
>> It's hard for
a human, though,
to have such
discomfort in the head.
What can be done to
help her with that?
>> Work on it.
>> You're working on it?
What can she do to help
keep the discomfort
from her head or her body?
>> Quit taking on
other people's pain.
>> OK.
>> She cannot help it.
It is part of the vibrational
molecule that was implemented.
>> She can't help taking
on other people's?
>> Yes.
>> But that's causing
discomfort within her body?
>> Yes, and the word,
word, word, word,
vibrational differences.
>> So is there a way to help
the vibration to have balance
within her body?
>> Not yet.
>> And why?
>> It does not exist here.
>> Can you work with the body so
that the discomfort isn't there
anymore for her?
>> Ease.
Until humans grow in their
vibrational qualities,
there will be some.
>> So are you saying that
she's somewhat like a barometer
to that?
>> This is a shell that is
not used to containing that
vibration.
>> Is there perhaps a way
others around Beverly ourselves
and others who are
also doing this work--
can we help to influence
her in assisting
in the ease of this shift?
>> That is what all the beings
in this room are here for.
>> Tell us about the beings
that are in this room, please.
>> So many.
So many.
>> What is their intentions?
>> Good.
>> And why are they
here with us today?
>> To help, to watch.
My existence is outside of them.
Want the information, also.
>> And what will they
do with the information?
>> Help.
>> So her session here today
is helping others in different
dimensions?
>> Yes.
>> OK, that's good.
>> Some of higher vibrations
are not allowed to help unless
humans decide.
She is teaching.
>> Do you think
she's aware of that?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Is there anything else that you
would like to share with us?
>> So much.
You are all at the
beginning, not the end.
>> What do you mean by that?
>> This is the beginning of
resolving old karmic from this
dimension to form the next.
This is the beginning shift.
>> Beginning shift?
>> Bring light to all.
>> Really--
>> Sounds like a plan to me.
>> I can do that.
>> Yeah.
I think the team here is very
excited about bringing light
to many, that everybody can do
this individually on their own.
Is that correct?
>> Yes.
Each will connect with others.
>> All right, well, we are
so very grateful for all
the information that
has come through today.
Thank you for sharing
all this information.
Thank you for keeping
Beverly's body in balance
and helping her to acclimate
the energy in the way that's
best for her.
Anything else
you'd like to share
before I bring her back up?
>> Not yet.
>> Not yet, OK.
Another session another time?
>> I was just going to say, I
have a feeling there's going
to be some more.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
All right, well, we wish you
great luck with all of the work
that you're doing with
untangling that fear
molecule in the overlay
of the new Earth,
and we will send great
amounts of light to the work
that you're doing.
Thank you.
Now I'm going to count to 10.
As you come back
into the body, 1,
now you're coming out
of this experience.
7, you're back in the body now.
8, coming into awareness
into this beautiful space.
9, you can move your body.
Stretch it out if you want.
10, coming back into this space
and time, and now you are here.
Welcome back, friend.
>> There she is.
How are you doing?
You all right?
No?
You need to get grounded?
>> That was deep.
>> Thank you.
>> What do you mean?
>> Well, we'll show you once
you get grounded back here.
>> It's OK.
It was good.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you recall anything?
>> No.
Do you remember laying
down on the table?
>> Yeah.
I remember being nervous.
>> Is that gone now?
>> I'm just not really here yet.
>> Take your time.
>> Feel your body.
Move it around a little bit.
>> Mostly I can feel everybody.
It just feels different.
>> That was fun.
That was fun having a
friend ask questions.
>> Was it?
>> Yeah, it was awesome.
>> It was cool.
>> I would like all of this
with every session, please.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Well, just call.
>> Can you arrange that?
>> I'll be here every--
I'll film them all.
I'd love to.
>> Bill were you OK?
>> I'll tell you later.
[LAUGHTER]
That was pretty intense.
>> He's still taking it all in.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> And we're back, Beverly, from
your amazing regression session
round four with the designers.
How was it?
>> Crazy.
>> OK.
>> I don't remember
anything, so I had to listen.
I actually had to listen to it.
>> So when the designers come
in, it's like a full-on--
>> Full-on takeover.
>> Well, you did
mention, though,
that you felt you see things,
or something is happening.
What are you experiencing
in that moment?
>> When I was relistening to
it, it was like I could get
the vision of--
they were showing
me things while I
was listening to it in the car.
So I don't know.
I'm still trying to figure
out what that all means
and how it works.
>> So not when you were actually
in the regression session,
but when you were relistening
to it, things would show up.
>> I'm trying to remember if
maybe they were showing me
during the regression, but--
>> I see.
>> --I'm kind of checked out.
>> What was showing?
What kind of
visuals did you get?
>> The part when they were
talking about a part of where
it had happened in areas
already, if that makes sense.
There was something
about the shift,
is what I'm thinking
it had to do with.
And when it mentions that
it had happened in the past
but only in small parts,
it was like it showed me
a couple of different areas on
the Earth where it had already
taken place, but then those
places don't exist anymore.
And so that was really
interesting to me.
>> Yeah, is that
sort of like maybe--
>> Like the Ring of Fire.
In that area, it
seemed to really
be a focal point when I
heard that in the recording.
>> Interesting.
So if they already
shifted, then that
means they sort of phase-shifted
into this new template
of Earth, this new Earth?
>> It seemed to me that
there were two things going
on, and the information I
gathered as to why that is no
longer had to do
with, number one,
they started getting bigger
than they should have,
thinking in a bigger aspect
than what they should have been.
And then also, there was
another outside source
that didn't like
the amount of power
that these couple
of civilizations
had and felt threatened.
>> So like the
Mayan civilization.
>> I'm guessing.
>> And maybe some of the--
we have the Maori
down in Australia.
>> There is definitely one
on some island type stuff.
>> So in Hawaii,
there's a lot of that.
Interesting.
And they've already
sort of phase-shifted
into this new reality, then?
>> Yes, long before
this shift happened,
and I think that's what
I was understanding,
is that those civilizations had
already went through the shift
and were shifting.
And then I kind of was shown
what happened during that time
and that it no longer
exists and that now
all of humanity around the globe
is now in that shifting point.
But it's going to be
a lot slower than it
was with those other
two civilizations,
and we're going to grow at a
slower rate, because to me,
it seemed like
they let me know it
happened very rapidly, pretty
quickly in those other places.
>> Fascinating.
So there was an interesting--
this number 26, and
there was talking
about the idea of 26 beings,
you being one of them.
>> Yeah.
>> Did that resonate?
>> It explains a lot of things.
>> Well, let's explain
from your perspective.
>> Just a lot of the
sensitivities I have
in my body, so I
mean, definitely,
and then the
abilities and, I mean,
just kind of a multi-layered
understanding of maybe why.
>> Well, going back to
session one, there was--
and I forgot to ask
the designers this,
but there was the planet or
star system called Aldebaran
or "All-der-burn."
>> Aldebaran.
>> Yeah.
>> And the designers sort of
said that's where they came
from, or am I
misinterpreting that?
>> I'm still in the research
part myself with that.
I have looked it up.
It seems to be linked
to, in my research--
now, this could be completely
wrong because this is just
what exists now.
The royal stars in astrology
is what it's tied to.
That's what I have found,
and there's four archangels
assigned to these four stars.
And they're actually appointed
in four areas in our star
system, and they act
like the watchers.
They're called the watchers.
>> Oh, OK.
I've heard about the watchers.
>> So yeah, that's just
so far what I'm coming
to the understanding, and I do
have placements of these stars
in my chart.
My daughters do as well.
>> Do you think that if these
designers were from that star
system and you being genetically
and energetically carrying that
energy for that star system,
that's trying to sort of blend
in and hybridize
here into humanity?
>> That's what I gather.
>> Cool, cool.
So obviously,
outside of Aldebaran,
there's many star systems here.
So from the
Pleiades, there could
be hundreds of us walking
around, bringing in that energy
into this reality.
And the more I go
into this research,
the way we think of the typical
ET thing, hybridization,
on a spaceship
and you're getting
injected with this stuff--
and even the
designers sort of talk
about this sense and
molecules and insertion
of the fear molecule and this
molecule and that molecule.
That's sort of how
we think, but I
believe those are just
metaphors for something
greater that we
don't understand.
Do you think that way, too?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
I think they've dumbed it down.
>> Right, right dumbed
it down in the terms.
>> Yeah, giving it to us in
a way that our brains can
actually grasp it in
some kind of a form,
is what I understand.
>> Yeah, exactly.
That's how I feel this
evolution from starting the show
and originally going into
classifying these different ET
races and people getting
brought onto ships that perhaps
that was just terms
or ideas or concepts
to help us get on
the right track
and keep evolving in the
direction we are, in having
a greater understanding,
a greater vocabulary,
and not hitting the nail
on the head so much.
>> Yeah, and keeping us
away from fear, I think,
is a big part of it.
The more we understand,
the less we fear.
>> Yes, exactly, and if we were
to jump without those steps
right into this
other grand idea,
there could be a lot
of misunderstandings,
swimming in the
unknown, so to say.
So it's interesting
how this material
is coming to us in a nice,
palatable, easy-to-digest,
time-released, slow, and
easy way for some of us.
Some people, like
yourself, get bam.
>> Yeah, it just
kind of comes at you.
>> Comes at you really fast,
but if you're watching my show,
you could get it.
This is a nice, time-released
way to get this information.
Cool.
Well, in addition to that,
we had a special guest.
We had the crystal skull.
>> Yes.
>> And what was it like having
the skull there compared
to past--
>> The other sessions.
>> --the other sessions, yeah,
when the skull wasn't there?
>> The skull added such
an element to the entire
experience.
Honestly, when we
were setting up,
getting ready for
the session, we
could already feel
the room getting
filled with spirits, I
mean, coming to partake
in the experience with us.
I mean, coming out, the room
felt like it was filled.
>> Well, we were also
in a Masonic lodge,
a very old building, and as
we were setting up I was it
reminded me of the old
Jane Roberts sessions.
I don't know if you're familiar
with the session material.
>> Not yet, but I will.
>> Yeah, and they went
through this process.
It was a very sort of
calculated process,
and they had to put water at
a certain place and a book
at a certain place, at
a certain direction,
and face a certain thing.
It was very precise
in all of these,
sort of ritualistic
in helping Jane
get into the regression
or the trance state.
And so we were doing--
it kind of looked
like the seance thing.
We had a security person
walk in and I'm sure--
>> Oh, I can't even imagine.
>> --pay a million
bucks to see your face.
It would have been a lot of fun.
I'm sure she peeked
in and like, oh, OK,
and it was Easter Sunday.
>> And that was so
not planned, either.
>> Yeah, and we actually
delayed our whole trip
because we've been on
this massive road trip.
We're filming the skull
stuff, and yeah, it
just kind of happened
the way it happened
because we were trying to avoid
noise from Suzanne's office.
So we were like, well,
maybe it's Easter.
Maybe there's nobody
upstairs, and sure enough, we
had the whole
place to ourselves.
So epic.
>> Yeah, I mean,
it was just wow.
Yeah, it was epic.
>> Did you physically see
beings as we were setting up?
>> Yes.
>> What did they look like?
>> I saw the ritual-type being.
>> Ritual-type beings?
>> Yes.
>> What is that?
>> Whoever was doing
rituals in there.
>> Oh, in prior.
>> The Masonic lodge, yeah.
>> Right.
>> So they showed up first
while we were in preparation.
>> Right.
That's right.
I remember now, and I
asked you, is it scary?
>> And it wasn't.
Because there's a lot
of mystery and fear
and mostly fear because of the
unknown with the Masonic stuff,
do you think some negative
stuff was going on there?
>> No, absolutely not.
>> Interesting.
OK.
>> No.
It just really
felt like they were
trying to tap in with
things that we can't
see and understand, and they
had a very ritualistic way
of doing it.
But it was very
respected, and it
was held high within
their vibrational makeup.
It wasn't scary at all.
It was very professional
and very productive,
and I think the fear that people
might have is the unknown,
obviously, and them trying
to communicate and do
these things that most
people wouldn't understand.
>> So all the secrecy, then, was
more probably just about that,
about keeping it from people
who don't understand--
>> Being exposed, yeah.
>> --being exposed to people
who might project and judge
and a lot of--
>> Right.
It's very sacred.
>> Interesting.
Yeah, through our
movies and stuff,
we have all this negative
energy about that,
the Masonic's 33rd degree.
You must be the Illuminati
and all this stuff.
>> Yeah.
I think more and more, as
the truth starts coming out,
people will realize that
everything that we have feared
was put in place
to keep us from it.
>> Right.
So with the skull,
some things were
said about the skull
when the skull was there,
and you said you didn't
have any background.
>> No, no, no.
>> It sort of confirms some of
the legends that we have been
working on this other project,
doing the skull documentary
with Bill.
There is talk of this legend
of the 13 crystal skulls,
and that came up in the session.
And what did you think about
that when you heard it?
>> Shock.
I mean, there's not many
words other than, what?
What is going on here?
>> Not having those
reference points.
>> Yeah, yeah, not even
having the reference point,
like you said.
>> Right.
Well, I mean, just other
than the vocabulary of that,
there is skulls.
Perhaps there's more than
one, that kind of thing.
And it seemed that the
skull was going to be
a key factor in this shift.
>> Yes.
>> So that was kind of cool.
>> Yeah.
>> And it was like
a traveling pyramid.
That was said, too.
>> I found that to be
a very interesting.
Has anybody said
anything about this?
>> Well, not exactly.
I was somewhat kind
of thinking that there
was a correlation with the
pyramids and the skulls,
and that's why I brought it up.
But my own sort of intuition
has been telling me
that the energy of what the
pyramids do, as far as holding
the frequency and bringing
in specific frequencies
to grid the planet,
that I also felt
the skull was doing
something similar,
and that's why I asked it.
So the confirmation was there.
>> Yeah.
From what I understood,
it's like a deep technology
that was created to harness
similar abilities to make
them more available worldwide.
>> Yeah, and kind of what
Bill is doing with his work is
activating grid lines and
people and activating them,
so they can go and spread this
love and this energy throughout
the planet.
Anything else you want
to add to your session?
>> The 26.
>> Oh, the 26?
Yeah, yeah.
>> Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I think we should do
just a little bit about the 26.
So that number really--
it just came out
quick like that,
and I was like, whoa,
what does that mean
when I'm listening to it?
But they do a really
good job at explaining it
if you listen closely.
It seems to me that these
higher-dimensional beings--
there's apparently 13
that they have implemented
into the human soul, like an
entire molecule into souls,
obviously.
But they had to do
it in a masculine way
and a feminine
way, so then the 13
creates two, which would be 26.
And so there's only 13 of the
higher-dimensional beings,
but they broke
them apart into two
to keep the modalities equal.
>> Yeah.
Bill picked up on that
right away in real time.
When I heard 26, I was like, oh,
that's an interesting number,
and I was trying to do the math.
It's also 6 plus 2 is 8,
and then 8 is infinity.
So that's where I was going with
the numbers, but Bill was like,
does it have to do with 13?
And we're like, oh
yeah, and then we
got the whole explanation.
>> Right, and I'm not sure if
the 13 higher-dimensional forms
have anything to
do with the skulls,
since there seems to
be 13 of the skulls,
and maybe that's why this
information came through while
the skull is sitting
right next to us.
>> Yeah.
Well, we do have the
12 signs of the zodiac,
and there's talk
of maybe a 13th.
>> Right, right.
It's complete
speculation, right?
>> Yeah.
>> But also, if you just
take all 12 combined,
then you get another
number, right?
So the 13 would be--
and that's sort of the
idea of the crystal skulls,
is that there's 12
unique skulls, at least
the lore in our investigations.
And then the 13th skull
is all the skulls combined
into one skull, so yeah.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
We really have to
chew on this a bit.
>> Yeah, there's a lot to
digest and a lot of nuggets
for our journey with the skulls
and Bill and this series.
>> Absolutely.
I mean, we're in
the middle of it.
>> Super cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Anything else
to reflect on it?
What's next?
>> Oh wow.
>> Ready for another session?
>> It's going to take me
a little bit to come back
and recover and
all that, but yeah.
>> Well, there's definitely
a lot of information there,
and anybody watching
this episode,
I purposely tried to introduce
sort of a round four,
because Suzanne's work--
there's no sense in redoing any
of that.
>> Yeah, no.
>> You guys have
set a really good--
your sessions together have set
a really good library of work
for people to reference.
I recommend everybody
going back and--
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> --watching the designer
series on Suzanne's YouTube
page, and I'll have
her website and stuff.
And then I hear you're
working on a website now.
>> Yep, it's in the works.
>> So by the time
this comes out,
we can put that up there too for
folks to check out and access
obviously not just the
designers but your work.
You're stepping more
into this work as a--
what would you call it?
>> An energy reader.
>> Yeah, I help them.
I read the energy and help
them get back on their path,
like course correction.
And if healing
needs to be done, I
pinpoint where those areas
are, what it pertains to,
and I just kind of let them
know instead of a guessing game.
[PEACEFUL MUSIC]
>> Well, again, thank you
for allowing us to sit
in on another session
and Suzanne and her time.
She was super graceful with
letting us sort of take over
for a couple of days
there and looking forward
to more fun discoveries
and exciting times
with the designers, your work,
seeing how that develops.
>> Yeah, let's dig deeper.
>> Dig deeper and stay in touch.
>> Let's do this.
Yeah.
>> Cool.
Thank you so much.
>> Thank you.
>> Hugs?
>> Yes.
>> Yay.
>> Oh.
>> Now we got to give
the bison a big hug.
>> Yeah.
>> Yay.
Ooh.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]